Wake up.
But you also dare to move.
General Director Wu
The rest is for you to handle.
Give me a lesson.
Yes.
There's no answer.
Remember the taboo.
Do not eat spicy
Don't touch the water.
Thank you, doctor.
Did the doctor leave a scar?
The wound is not deep.
Wait for the scale, just follow the time difference.
Thank you, doctor.
You're scared now.
Why don't you think so much when you're alone?
Didn't they tell me I only brought money?
As a result, there's not enough money.
You don't carry enough either.
Do you know what would have happened if I hadn't been there?
Excuse me.
It's bothering you again.
Later, later when you go out remember to follow me.
Remember to tell your friends.